Epic Stories
As a customer, I want to create an order from two types of mains, add sides and drinks if I wish, place the order and check the order, all done online,
so I can avoid queue times.

User Stories
C-US1: As a customer, I want to be able to order from two types of mains, so I can have my preferred choice.
C-US2: As a customer, I want to be able to modify the buns, patties and other ingredients of my selected type of main, so only ingredients I enjoy are included in the meal.
C-US3: As a customer, I should have the choice to add sides or drinks to my order, so I do I do not have to make seperate orders for the sides or drinks.
C-US4: As a customer, I want to be able to complete and send in my order online, so I do not have to go to the outlet to order.
C-US5: As a customer, I want to be able to check status of my order, so I know when to collect my order.

User Story Points
1 User Story Point (USP) = 3 hours.

C-US1: 1 USP.
C-US2: 2 USP
C-US3: 2 USP
C-US4: 3 USP
C-US5: 2 USP

Priority of Implementation
Scale of 1-5. 1 being lowest priority, 5 being highest.

C-US1: 4
C-US2: 3
C-US3: 2
C-US4: 5
C-US5: 1

Acceptance criteria:
C-US1
1. The two types of mains are either burger or wrap. 
2. The base price of the main types are displayed for the customer.

C-US2

1. The customer can modify the type of buns for their selected type of main. Some examples of bun types are: muffin buns and sesame buns.
2. The customer can modify the number of buns but there is a limit on the number of buns the customer can modifiy based on the type of burger permitted.
   For example, if the permitted burgers are single, double and triple burgers, then the limit of modification on the customer is 4.
3. The customer can modifiy the type of patties for their selected type of main. Some examples of patty types are: chicken, vegetarian and beef patties.
4. The customer can modify the number of patties for their selected type but there is a maximum limit on the number of patties based on
   the permitted burgers (similar to acceptance criteria 2).
5. The customer can add other ingredients to their selected type of main. Some examples (but not limited to) of other ingredients are:
   tomato, lettuce, tomato sauce and swiss cheese.
6. Each ingredient displays the price for its inclusion for the customer.
7. After the gourmet creation (or modification) process, the total net price is displayed to the customer based on choice made during the process.

C-US3
1. The customer can optionally, add other sides or drinks to their order. Some sides include: nuggets and fries.
2. The customer has options on the size or quantities of the side. For example: 6-pack nuggets or 3-pack nuggets for quantity, small, medium or large fries for size.
3. The price for each side is displayed for the customer.

C-US4
1. The entire ordering process is completed online and sent to the outlet.
2. The customer must check out to complete the order.
3. An order-ID is issues to the customer and may collect their order using this ID.

C-US5
1. The status of whether the order is ready or not can be checked by the customer.